Zulip acknowledgment (#7)
MaMMoS-project/MaMMoS-project.github.io: source/index.rst

Funded by the European Union. Views and opinions expressed are however those of the author(s) only and do not
necessarily reflect those of the European Union or European Health and Digital Executive Agency (HADEA). Neither
the European Union nor the granting authority can be held responsible for them.

Acknowledgments
---------------

.. figure:: _static/zulip-icon-128x128.png
   :align: left
   :scale: 50%
   :target: https://zulip.com/

|

> | `Zulip <https://zulip.com/>`_ is an organized team chat app designed for efficient communication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Project MaMMoS is sponsored by `Zulip <https://zulip.com>`__. `Zulip <https://zulip.com>`__ is an organised team chat app designed for efficient communication, and used for project communication and software development within MaMMoS. 
```

Author: Do you mean here to remove the Line Block completely? If we take out the vertical bars on L60 then we should also remove them from L59-61
